README.md, before:

# Project Name

CSD201 Algos

## About

Our Project is an extensive collection of implementations of a lot of Data structures and associated algorithms which can be easily appended and used in projects. It can be used as Teaching aid for a Data - Structures and Algorithms Course.

## Installation

Download the file: https://github.com/isthegeek/algorithms/archive/master.zip

Now extract the file
`unzip algorithms-master.zip`

Change directory to the algorithms folder
`cd algorithms-master`

Let us first install the packages
`make packages`

Now make the required graph library
`make graph`

Edit the src/testgraph.c and run
`make makegraph`

Now you can run the executable
`./csd201`

## Usage

Edit the src/main.c file

Check out docs for more help!

## Testing

Please compile all the files and make the executable csd201 first

Then make test

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History

TODO: Write history

## Credits

Made with ♥ at Shiv Nadar University!

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Updated to display Sample graph Projection

README.md, after:

# Project Name

CSD201 Algos - GraphWiz

## About

Our Project is an extensive collection of implementations of Abstract Data Types and associated algorithms which can be easily appended and used in projects. It can be used as Teaching aid for a Data - Structures and Algorithms Course.

Also contains a Graph Visualization Utility which can generate graph projections like this one.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/command-paul/algorithms/master/a.bmp "Sample Directed Graph")

## Installation

Download the file: https://github.com/isthegeek/algorithms/archive/master.zip

Now extract the file
`unzip algorithms-master.zip`

Change directory to the algorithms folder
`cd algorithms-master`

Let us first install the packages
`make packages`

Now make the required graph library
`make graph`

Edit the src/testgraph.c and run
`make makegraph`

Now you can run the executable
`./csd201`

## Usage

Edit the src/main.c file

Check out docs for more help!

## Testing

Please compile all the files and make the executable csd201 first

Then make test

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History

TODO: Write history

## Credits

Made with ♥ at Shiv Nadar University!

## License

MIT License
